From Hanselman it's dot com.
It's Hansel minutes, a weekly
discussion with web developer and
technologists. Scott Hanselman hosted by
Carl Franklin. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number one 50 recorded
live Saturday, February 14th, 2009. Support for
Hanselman it's just provided by
Telerik rad controls. The most
comprehensive suite of components for
windows forms and asp.net web
applications. online@wwwdottelerikdotcomandby.net developers journal the
world's leading.net developer magazine online
at www dot  dot
com. In this episode, Scott
talks with uncle Bob Martin
and gets his response to
the fluster over show one
45. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes, a little
bit of an unusual show
this week. We've uncle Bob,
back on the show from
just a couple of weeks
ago. How are you, sir?
We had some interesting response
from the show on solid
principles. I thought it was
a pretty straightforward show and
I didn't think it was
particularly controversial, but there were
a number of interesting developments
since since that show. Yeah,
there have been quite a,
quite a fuss got raised.
Why was that controversial? So
I guess I'm one of
the followers of your show
is, is Joel Spolsky and
it was listening to it
at some point. And I
think he had heard us
talking about the solid principles
and it, it somehow triggered
something in his mind. It
didn't resonate really well because
he went on stack overflow
podcast, number 38 for those
and made some rather startling
statements, which by the way,
he has apologized for it.
He is a gentleman. He
was very respectful about it,
but he said at the
time that, well, my goodness,
these principles sound awfully bureaucratic.
And frankly only somebody who
doesn't code a lot could
say something like that. And
you can imagine that I
didn't take that particularly well.
That was, that was something
that pushed my button. So
after that there was a
blog war and then, you
know, Twitter was all about,
you know, all this stuff
that was going on. And,
and the blogosphere of our
particular blogosphere was quite activated.
So I contacted Joel and
we did a pod stack
overflow, number 41 together. And
that was, that was a
lot of fun. We had
a great time today. Okay.
So it's, it's all genial,
but I noticed in your,
in your comments, there were,
It was widely varied. There
were some people that were
saying that that user were
out of touch and were
not being practical. There were
people on the other side
that were saying that the
stack overflow website was, you
know, slapped together with no
principles at all. I give
a lot of respect to
people who, who, who I
basically, I like to use
success as a metric. So
I have no idea what
the code for stack overflow.
It looks like, but he
did get it live. We'll
see if it's maintainable or
not. How do you reconcile
these different and very polarized
opinions on each side? Oh,
I didn't know. Did you
watch the election? I mean,
I just, I'm surprised there's
controversy at all. I mean,
the principles are not commandments.
No, the principles of course
aren't commandments and, and, you
know, I think Joel kind
of took it from, from
the point of view that,
Oh my God, people listening
to this might actually think
that they have to do
this all the time. And
that's certainly not the same
are mystics. They are, they
are guidelines. They're an attempt
to categorize things, things about
code that in general are
good, but it would be,
it would be awful if
someone took those principles and
just practice them by rote,
without giving any thought to
them. And I really think
that was the thought that
Joel was following you. Can't
just follow principles. Although it
did annoy me that he
thought that I had too
many codes again, he apologized
for that. So I think
that you're okay with it.
And you're right. I mean
the, the stack overflow site,
I haven't seen the code
for the site and I
was very taken aback by
Jeff's statement that, you know,
quality just doesn't matter. But
he explained that well, and
then went on to say
that while there are actually
the quality of it so
forth, the point is, is
that he recently, he recently
moved that site moved all
the servers and the, the,
the exercise went particularly well,
which implies that there's some,
some high degree of quality
involved with that, the engineering
of that site. So I
don't actually think that he,
you know, slapdash and code
together in a kind of
hackers paradise. I think that
stack overflow is probably done
very well. I'm sure that
bod bugs has done very
well. Also. I think these
guys really do feel like
quality is important, but in
their statements, they captured a
mindset which somehow rubs me
the wrong way. And that
that mindset is that the
most important thing is to
get done. I'm not sure
they believe bad, but I
think the most important thing
is to get done. Well,
I actually think that getting
done well is faster than
getting done by an E
O is the best to
get them is to make
sure that the code that
you produce is the best
possible that the designs are
as robust as they can
be, that you have put
the thought into it that
that really matters. And that
way you will get done
faster than if you got
done, if you rush. And
this is something that software
developers really need to internalize
because we're, we are often
caught by the need to
move quickly. And so we
will make a mess in
the name of moving quickly
without realizing that the is
the thing that makes us
place. Well, there's always that
sense of I'll get back
to that. I'll get back
to that. And even 20
years in, I'm still, that's
such an attractive concept that,
Oh yeah, I'll just, you
know, to do. And then
I'll, I'll be right back.
I never seem to come
back though. And you know,
this isn't an age old
problem. People have been rushing
through things probably since people
were. So we have old
adages that say, you know,
slow and steady will re
instead of stashing as fast
as you possibly can. So
it, you know, ancient history
will tell us that. And
there's something to be said
for taking your time and
doing things well, another old
adage, anything worth doing is
worth doing well. There's a
reason for that. If all
things equal, who's got burned
by taking the shortcuts and
then come back at the
Y you know, probably just
better to do it right.
Instead of rushing that. Now
there was a, an interesting
blog post by one of
my team members named Rob
Connery in response to this
whole thing. And before Rob
was a geek, he was
a geophysicist. And he kind
of talked about how he
went from being an apprentice
to being a journeyman and
kind of moved his way
up. And there was a
really excellent comment within his,
his larger post, about another
apprentice who went through the
process and he spent eight
years as an electrician and
had some very interesting anecdotes
about how he avoided basically
getting killed by listening to
his, you know, his mentor
and the formality of this
apprentice journeyman process. Well, pretty
much anybody can jump out
of school and whip out
code. Is there a, is
there a direct analogy between
that? I mean, I know
that there's an excellent book
called the software architects profession
that draws an absolutely direct
allegory between software, software architecture
and building architecture and people
find using building codes and
things like that. A very
attractive parallel story to tell
is, is it that simple?
I think simple is a
very loaded word in case.
I do think, however, that
we have a big problem,
which is that people do
come out of school, they're
from the room and expect
it to be able to
write really great code. And
there's very little, very little
of the mentorship or apprenticeship
or guidance given where it
is given. It's proven to
work extremely well. If you
have a group of, of
young developers or students, and
you put them under the
care of, of a senior
mentor, senior programmer, and they
program together and they work
together, those, those students will
learned a tremendous amount and
become much better software developers
and software engineers, because of
it. We see this all
through various kinds of industries,
the doctors, practices, lawyers, practicing
martial artists, practicing. We have
not yet internalized that as
part of our profession, but
I think it's something that
will have to happen. Did
you read Pete Green's book
from Oh, gee seven, eight
years ago called software craftsmanship
where he proposed the whole
apprenticeship model. Yes. And, and
that, that model is something
that I'm having trouble getting
my mind around, because if
you, if you draw the,
if, if you, if you
kind of draw a parallel
again, let's just say somebody
and I, and again, I'm
not mean to impugn people
who didn't go to college,
but let's just take this
to its kind of ridiculous
conclusion guide drops out of
high school decides to become
an electrician as shoes, the
apprenticeship program, doesn't talk to
the union, decides to just
start putting wires in houses.
You know, eventually he'll get,
he'll get caught up with
same thing, applies with lawyers
and doctors. I can't just
decide that I'm going to
be a doctor. And then
when another doctor with 20
years experience says, Hey, you
didn't go through a residency.
You didn't take, you didn't
get your PhD. The young
doctor doesn't get to go
and say, Hey says you
I'm awesome. I have natural
talent. School's not for me,
man. That same story works
in the software industry except
it's allowed Well, it isn't
loud. No one, I, we
haven't really internalized the, the
idea that that software development
skills are acquired over a
long period of time. And
part of the reason for
that, I think is that
writing your first program, it's
just silly for some of
us. Some people are just
born with this skill where
they can string logical, logical
statements together and can write
programs that do things, but
they don't recognize that it
takes a good long time
to figure out what a
good structure for software and
how to subdivide systems into
modules and how to manage
the dependencies between those modules.
There's a lot of skill
involved and there's a lot
of skill involved with the,
the negotiation with customers and
the, the vexing of requirements
and the writing of tests.
There's a huge body of
knowledge and a set of
skills that needs to be
acquired. College doesn't even begin
to approach that. And in
fact of most of the
graduates are just barely able
to survive in a corporate
environment and certainly should not
be put thrown into the
fire of building huge systems
without appropriate guidance. Yeah. I
agree with that. I, I
taught, I was a professor
at a state school for
awhile and I taught a
400 level C-sharp class. And
I was pretty surprised regardless
of the age of the,
of the students. So I
was pretty surprised that they
had really no background in
much of anything other than
the syntax of the language.
And then a couple of
theory classes on operating system
design and, you know, they'd
practiced mimics, but when it
got time to start doing
TDD and, and thinking about
software holistically, it was not
within their makeup. They were
not the, the, the whole
entire Scholastic system had failed
them. At least at the
state level. I, you know,
you can say that it
failed them. And I think
in, in many cases, the
Scholastic system does fail in
software development in particular. But
on the other hand, how
is a college to post
to give the requisite experience
to a set of students,
this experience that you need
to be a really good
software developer is, is not
something you can acquire over
a curriculum, a four year
curriculum, especially if you're taking
other courses at the same
time, the knowledge to become
a good software developer involves
holding in your hand, the
fate of a project or
the fate of a company,
dealing with decisions that are
going to be very consequential
to the project, to the
company. We usually don't get
that kind of experience working
in a large team, coordinating
a huge software efforts and
seeing the problems of deploying
a system and then watching
as the crashes and burns
and all the field service
people go crazy. And they're
coming to you and looking
at you like what the
hell just happened, and you've
got to solve it. That
kinds of things I'm usually
at school. So don't approach.
Hi, this is Scott coming
at you from another place
in time. Are you looking
for an object relational mapping
tool for mission critical projects
using lincoln.net? I wanted to
share with you genome specifically
designed for developing dot and
enterprise applications. Genome is a
mature link, integrated ORM tool.
It's been employed in numerous
large scale projects over the
last six years, genome was
created for the.net platform as
opposed to being a port
from Java. And it's thrived
on platform innovation since dotnet
1.0 genome is supported links
since its CTP release in
may of 2006, it offers
several unique features that just
encapsulation and reuse of link
queries and expressions. You can
really fully harness the power
of link while benefiting from
your database platforms. Unique features,
compose complex link queries, decompose
the query logic and your
domain model link supports all
the major database platforms you
find in enterprise environments like
SQL server, but also Oracle
and IBM DB too. And
find out more about how
genome integrates tightly with visual
studio and what tools genome
offers to reduce development time@tinyurl.com
slash tri genome G N
O M E, where you
can also download a free
and fully functional trial version.
I hope you enjoy it.
Are we missing a sense
of, of, of stewardship, of
respect for the power that
software engineering kind of provides
us? Oh, certainly. I think,
yeah. And so the analogy
I draw very often is
the analogy of a doctor.
You would not take someone
out of medical school and
ask them to remove an
appendix right off the bat.
You know, they'd better watch
somebody do it. They'd better
a shift, someone do it.
They should probably do that
kind of assistance several times.
They should see what can
go wrong. They should see
the demeanor of the professional
and how you respond to
issues and crises. They should
see the process and the
way, the way the people
work in the LR and
eventual should pick up a
scale, but not right off
the bat. So for the
software developer, it shouldn't be
the same thing that you
come into a team where
the team is supporting a
large and significant project and
no way should the person
be given the module and
responsibility for a module that's
critical to the operation of
that. Every line of code
that the new person at
right should be looked at
by the, the more mature
members of the team and
guidance should be provided in
my world. A fair bit
of pair programming should be
done step by step. You
should walk through with the
new people, how to build
the system and how to
debug it. And how's your
run, the tests where to
go to get this information
and who to talk to,
to get that information so
that they are gradually brought
in and give them the
expertise to actually work in
the team environment projects. Well,
I have two questions then
my first one is that
when I, when I have
dealt with talented young people
and I, when I say
young, I don't necessarily mean
age. I mean, young in
the career, they might be
55 and have three years
into the business. So when
I deal with talented, you
know, programmers, I get into
what I call says, you
architecture discussions, where one who,
one who believes that they
know myself or someone who's
a fairly senior guy says
something. And the other guy's
like Knapp. You, you know,
I don't think so. It
seems like the discussion between
you and Joel and Jeff,
all people who have been
doing this for a non
trivial amount of time, he
kind of fell into a
ass as you kind of
a situation. Well, with more
concrete things like medicine and,
and electricity and being electrician,
it seems like there's a
little bit less of that.
Are we just being elitist
old dudes? Well, I certainly
Just trying to hold the,
hold the kids down, you
know, There's something to be
said for the youngsters going
off and burning themselves in,
in less critical environments. But
I don't think, you know,
I don't think we're just
elitist old, do try to
hold the kids. Well, I
mean, I worked at a
company and a young man
wanted to know why he
wasn't a senior developer. And
I asked him how long
he'd worked here. He'd worked
there three years, you know,
and that's, and that's a
very common, very common story.
Hey, if you, I mean,
think about it in software
engineering, because of the speed
of the, the iteration of
the technology. If you've got
five years in any technology,
you're probably very good, or
you've at least been slapping
the keyboard for awhile. People
don't have the patience to
wait through an apprenticeship. Somebody
told me once, and it
was a very long time
ago that the, the, the
break point for being experienced
where you can use the
word experience with authority is
five years. I think that's
probably true. If you would
have been in a, an,
an industrial or a professional
environment for five years, you
can then say that your
experience prior to that, not
really very experienced. You may
have had some experiences, a
bunch. You probably haven't faced
enough issues to really be
all with something effectively on
your own East. Certain people
get through it faster than
that. And certain people never
get through it. But I
think that's probably a good
average. Our industry does a
disservice to people because there's
no, no consistent dual ladder.
In a lot of cases,
you, the career path is
a couple of years slinging
code, couple of years, leading
a team. And after that,
I'm a manager. And once
you're a manager, you never
ride it again. I think
this is general, and I
think it's the wrong approach
for our industry altogether. But
if you are, if you
are really serious about your
profession, you're going to be
standing for 34 years. Doctors,
surgeons, state, surgeons, lawyers, they
lawyers, some of them go
out into a management track
for most of them keep
their craft, but we burn
out. I haven't, I mean,
I don't know about you,
but I mean, this is
a year 17 for me,
my hands hurt. Yeah. You
can carpool phone. Well, I
mean, I don't know if
it's carpal tunnel, but I'm
just saying that that surgeons
have the same problem. It's
just slap on the keyboard
for 20 years is painful.
And there's also the, there's
a certain amount of kind
of self objectivity. One has
to develop otherwise they can,
they can become the old
dude with the beard who
thinks that everything needs to
be done the way it
was done in the seventies.
Well, maybe there is a
new technique or some new
revolution that's happening. That I'm
just not seeing because of
I'm letting my years of
experience blind me. Yeah. Well
then that's clearly an issue.
And then certainly that does
happen. Of course, a professional
does it too. It's a
very interesting point. You're pulling
out the word professional and
kind of capitalizing it verbally,
that, that the difference between
software professional and maybe just
a, a code Slinger might
be what we're talking about
here. Well, sure. You know,
someone who is dedicated to
his craft is going to
stay up with all the
latest technology to the best
of his ability. So, you
know, guys, my age are
still learning Ruby and still
learning Scala and F sharp
and all this stuff that's
coming out. Now, I'm trying
to try and get their
arms around all this new
technology, because it's important. You
have to stay with it.
And, you know, you can
imagine the doctor doctors better
be keeping up with the
latest technology. They better be
learning the newest techniques. Otherwise
their patients are going to
go somewhere else. Well, and
ultimately they have to care.
And I think that's the
number one thing when I,
when I want to pick
who I'm going to work
with, I want someone to
care. And that's the difference
between a craftsman and, and
someone who's just not, I
mean, I think the same
thing applies with, with, with
woodworking. You know, if someone
just wakes up excited about
what they're going to do
that day, what, what project
they're working on. I think
they're more likely to be
a craftsman than, than not
Well, and that's certainly in
my case, right. I I've
been writing code for over,
I don't know, 40 years,
but I wake up in
the morning and think, okay,
I got to get this
feature into fitness now. And
then just, you know, dying
to get my hands on
the keyboard so that I
can add more functionality and
more code and see that,
see that system grow into
something better than a BS
on it. Okay. Well, so
let's take what we've talked
about and try to apply
it back to the situation
with, with Joel and with
Jeff. I mean, Joel has
a successful and, and, you
know, non trivially, large company.
So he has, he could
definitely point at him and
say, there is a person
who has built a successful
software company. We may not
agree with some of the
decisions he's made. Technically Jeff
appears to be in the
direction of a successful software
startup he's put together something
that is definitely a game
changer of some kind again,
in both cases, we don't
know what, what techniques and
what code Joel used nor
do we really know what,
what Jeff used, but if,
if they issue some of
the principles that, that you're
kind of espousing, but they
have measured business success who
we to criticize. Oh, I
mean, I wouldn't criticize them
at all. As long as
they're maintaining that, that success,
I was concerned by Jeff's
statement. The quality doesn't really
matter all that much. I'm
still actually concerned about that
one. I'm not quite sure
I can get my arms
around what is justification for
it, but I honestly don't
think he believes it that
way. And I hate cause
because he's developing a system
that seems to be very
high quality. I've looked around
stack overflow. It's pretty cool.
Well maybe that's just talk,
show banter between, you know,
two guys that like kind
of shooting the shooting, the
poop. Yeah. Well I think
that isn't, they certainly do
the stack overflow podcast that
way. And it's two guys
in a bar just sitting
and you happen to have
a camera on them. And
then they don't even know
a microphone. There's a risk
in there because foreign banter
can get a little, a
little far field, which happens
in those. Well, certainly, I
mean, making, making a small
kind of political parallel, almost
all of the political talk
shows get into trouble when
it goes from being analytical
to being just kind of,
let's just chat and in
the banter kind of builds
up and it builds up
and builds up and then
somebody says something stupid and
then they apologize for it
the next day. Yeah. Although,
you know, soon those cusps
interesting things happen, so we
wouldn't be doing this. Right.
Yeah. That is true. Although
my favorite, my favorite Quintin
Tarantino quote, is that he,
who is most likely to
make declarative statements is most
likely to be called a
fool in retrospect. Yeah. Well,
So I don't know a
one doesn't want to necessarily
equivocate too much, but at
the same time it seems
like the solid principles. Well,
not right for every single
moment of my life seem
to be a fairly straight
forward kind of thing. I
might want to laminate and
put on the wall along
with a series of, of
other principles that I've learned
over the years. Did you
see that motivational posters? Well,
but at the same time,
Jeff made a kind of
a, I think it was
kind of a link bait
inflammatory post about Frankie programmers,
making a reference to that,
making reference to the fringes
of star Trek, who used
to have hundreds and hundreds
of rules that would guide
their behavior. And I'm not
quite sure how he took
the five rules of solid
and a couple of sub
rules and turned it into
the 285 rules of acquisition.
I thought that was kind
of a yelling fire in
a crowded theater. Yes. It
was an interesting post. I
read that one in particular
and he, he made the
point to be a painter.
You don't read the rules
on the paint cans or
bottles on the paint cans.
They don't teach you how
to be a good painter.
It's true. Right. I mean,
the rules on the paint
can, don't give you any
calories. On the other hand,
I think all good painters,
know the rules on the
painting. Exactly. I mean, my,
my mother Was a house
painter and the very first
time I helped to paint
a house. We read the
rules in the bank candidate.
It doesn't actually mean you
need to obsess about them
for 40 years, but it
does mean that you need
to know them day one,
step one, read the rules
in the pancreas. So did
you see the, I don't
know if this happened because
of the podcast, but someone
has done motivational posters for
the principal. Oh yeah. They're
pretty good. All the solid
principles are there and they're
in the form of, you
know, those funny pictures hanging
on the wall. It's people
climbing rocks and motivate people
to do a good job
Up here. It is Derek
Bailey at Lowe's techies, and
let's take this.com nice solid
software development, kind of Jenga
game with some failed Jenga
here. Wow. The single responsibility,
picture a principal with a
pretty intense looking Swiss army
knife that is wider than
it is long. Then there's
the open closed principal with
open chest surgery is not
needed when putting on a
coat. These are, these are
really good. I need to
make t-shirts of these. Would
you sold, would you solder
a lamp directly to the
electrical wiring and the wall
dependency? Inversion principle. That is
absolute brilliance. I'm going to
link to that from the,
from the, from the show
side. Absolutely. Yeah. I thought
this was pretty good stuff.
Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. He's
going to, he says he's
going to do high res
versions. I think that, that
it would be a crime
if he did not. You
should put these in your
next book or, or make,
make licensed some, what are
they called? Postcards. Oh yes.
Yes. Brilliant, brilliant, brilliant. Oh,
wow. Well maybe it was
this just a Tempest in
a tea cup then I
think so. Yeah. And I
doubt it would have really
gotten to the level that
it did if Joel had
some guy who hasn't written
a lot of code, that
one pushed my button. Yeah.
All right. Well, I feel
like we've pushed them a
little bit today then. Oh
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I
bet the whole episode, I
think turned out very well.
I'm pleased that Joel and
Jeff and I were able
to, I have a very
respectful and fun conversation. Well
turning dramatically in a different
direction. You said there's something
about deployment you wanted to
talk about. Well, one of
the issues that came up
in in fact overflow 41,
Joel was asking me now,
why would you do the
single responsibility principle? What's so
great about that. And I,
I said to him, well,
you don't want to have
modules, which are attractors for
many dependencies. So single responsibility
principle says that a module
should change for only one
reason. You put your, you
push out of it, things
to change for different reasons.
You gathered into it, those
things to change for the
same reason, because why would
you want to do that
as well? If you don't
do that, you have all
of these dependencies impinging upon
this one module. And if
you change that module, many
other modules have to change.
And he asked me this
question, what do you mean
change, change at runtime time?
And I said, no, change
it file sizes. If the
source code changes, if the
features change, then if, if
you have a module that
attracts many different dependencies and
many different kinds of feature
change will force you to
modify that module. And that's
a problem because that module
thrash or have to get
rebuilt all the time, you
will have to read it
all of them. And he
said, well, what's the matter
with that? And I said,
well, if you read employing
it all the time, that
means you've got to rerelease
it really test it. And
if it's in its own
separate jar file and needs,
you've got to redeploy the
jar file. I probably should've
sent the ELL in his
case. And he said, well,
when I ship a project,
I just bundled all the,
all the stuff together and
ship it as one big
package. I said, well, yeah,
that's true. In many cases,
we will do that. In
fact, I do that with
fitness. I just take the
whole thing and put it
together as one package. But
that doesn't mean I don't
want to be able to
independently deploy the individual pieces
while I'm developing it. So
for example, if I had
a team of, or, or
an organization of say five
teams, I would like those
teams to be able to
work independently of each other.
So I would like them
to, to have the dependencies
between them, the dependencies between
the modules that they work
on, very tightly controlled so
that each team can deploy
its own stuff very independently
of everybody else. And then
incidentally, at the end, I
can package the whole thing
up and ship it. But
the whole development environment has
been made much, much easier
because these guys can independently
deploy their own. COVID even,
even when we can bundle
it all together into a
single unit and deploy it
it's much nicer. If we
can deploy the individual fits
within our environment, instead of
having to rebuild the whole
thing and recompile the whole
that's the whole thing. Every
single time, it also provides
for a good plugin structure.
So you can create a
base module with a whole
bunch of plugins and those
plugins can be independently deployed
from the base structure. So
we're seeing a lot of
these kinds of plug in
applications now that, that enjoy
this kind of single responsibility
principle. Well, and then when
that gets larger, when, when,
when it does all of
the things that you described,
you're looking at using all
of the principles in tandem.
Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well, if
you're following those principles, what
you're really doing is you're
managing dependencies. All, all of
those principles are about the
management of dependencies. And did,
did y'all find this controversial
or did this explain, did
this help answer his question?
No, no. It kind of
just rolled off, rolled off
his back and went on
to the next point right
away. And I, I wanted
to bring it up here
because I thought it really
hadn't been completed. Hmm. Okay.
Interesting. Someone on Twitter earlier,
I mentioned, we were doing
this show and this is,
I've heard this from a
loud majority loud minority, but
if we spent as much
time discussing these principles, as
we did coding dot, dot,
dot that that folks are
John too much about these,
these principles when they need
to be, as I said
before, slapping the keyboard. That
makes me feel like the
stuff we were talking about
at the beginning where, and
actually Jeff is the expert
about this. Jeff, Jeff Atwood
actually has asked the question.
Is it more fun to
talk about software than it
is to write software? No,
not for me anyway. Not
for you. I better get
you out of bed to
let you let you get
back to writing software then.
All right. Well, uncle Bob
Martin, thanks so much for
taking the time to sit
down and chat with us
here again on Hansel minutes.
Oh my pleasure. And you
can follow up Bob on
Twitter and I think your
Twitter name is uncle Bob
Martin. Is that correct? That
is correct. All right. This
has been another episode of
Hansel minutes and we'll see
you again next week.